The Joe Rogan experience.
All these old boxers coming back.
A Vander field is coming back now. Yes. Have you seen the Mike Tyson?
He's like 65. Mike Tyson's coming back. What? Yes.
You haven't seen dude now. Okay.
Go to Mike Tyson's page for his most recent video on his Instagram.
Get ready for this. Oh, really? Get ready for this. Cause he looks sensational.
What is he?
55 53.
I think. Yeah. I think he's a year older than I am. I'm 52,
but he looks incredible terrifying, dude. He was.
A terrible, even more exciting than his fights.
They were, they were a cultural event. Oh my.
God.
Yeah. So exciting.
The only concern was that you were going to spend money and you weren't going to
get it back. Look at this. Right? You needed volume. So you can hear this too.
Whoa.
I mean, what in the?
He looks like a bag and what's really funny.
Oh my God said on the podcast, when he was in here,
he said he didn't want to work out again because his ego would get fired up
again. And he's actually said that in his post that my,
my ego had been reignited. Is that mean his rage? No. See if you can find it.
That is ego. There's a UN UN. He says he's.
Like being Zen and doesn't want to.
He gave a statement about it saying that like his ego has been reignited.
Uh, good for him. Yeah.
Always for us. He said something about how the gods of war have, uh,
brought them out again. It was like really heavy. I think it's real recent.
Real recent. Wow. See if you could find the quote, but it was like,
oh my gods of war reignited, my ego. Oh my God.
I'm ready to go again. Geez.
Do you think you have, you think you'd fair against a 28 year old?
I don't know. It depends on the 28 year old, but I think that you,
you for sure need, uh,
a guy who's really good at fighting to keep him off you. Yeah.
Even if you're in your twenties right here,
Mike Tyson explains his desire to fight again.
I feel unstoppable now the gods of war have reawakened and
he said something about his ego firing up. See if he could find that quote.
That was one of the things that he actually talked about in the podcast. Yeah.
The gods of war have awakened me.
They've reignited my ego and want me to go to war again?
[inaudible] Here's the thing, man. If they don't drug test them,
they don't test them for hormones. Yeah. Things are way different.
The, the main cause if he takes hormones,
if he's taking like testosterone and growth, hormone,
thyroid hormone,
all the things that people do when they take hormone replacement therapy,
your body functions way better at a way later age, it's different,
very different.
So if we're talking about like being a 53 year old man in 1985
is no chance everybody fell apart. Like you you'd have to like be a really,
really,
really rare person who doesn't take hormones and can
perform like a 30 year old right. In your fifties. But when you're on hormones,
you can kind of do it. It's in you.
There's like a guy there's a few guys that were in the UFC. The,
one of the bigger examples is VTR Belfort, Vito Belfort.
Who's a phenomenal fighter, a real legend. He was in the first,
he won the first tournament that I ever worked on.
That was at UFC 12 in 1997.
So he was 19 years old back then.
And then when he was in his late thirties, he had a giant resurgence.
And it was when they made testosterone replacement therapy, legal for fighters.
Ah, yeah. So there was a bunch of fighters that got on these, uh,
testosterone replacement therapy exemptions. And they,
so they're taking testosterone, but they had an old man's brain,
but the body moved like a younger man. So it's basically,
they had all of the experience of a lifetime of fighting because of the
hormones. Their body actually performed like someone way, way younger than that.
Like how much younger do you think? I don't know. It depends on the body.
Depends on what kind of damage you're dealing with. What's wrong with you.
Whether or not it can bring you back 10 years or five years or who knows.
But with these fighters, the thing is they were never really out of shape.
And some of them, there's quite a few of them, in fact,
and I'm not going to name any names,
but some of them needed those hormones because they had done steroids.
So when you do steroids, it shuts down your endocrine system,
your endocrine system doesn't make the proper hormones anymore.
And so they needed,
it was a real weird sort of conundrum because everyone was kind of new this.
Yeah. But there was a weird loophole that went on for a few years.
It was a real gray area in MMA.
And so say a fighter could go to the doctor and say, Hey,
I want to get a blood test and see what my testosterone levels are because I am
feeling very tired. Right? And they look at it and they test, they go, oh,
look at this. Your testosterone levels are low. You are, you are,
you could take this hormone and inject it into your body every week.
Now you you're eligible for testosterone replacement therapy. Right.
But the thing is,
they might've liked the whole reason why they needed in the first place.
Might've been that they, they were using it illegally.
So it's a weird thing to reward, right? Because the testing wasn't very good.
And some of these guys that are a part of this,
we're a part of this testosterone replacement therapy thing.
They were ones that were kind of accused of possibly using performance enhancing
drugs in the past.
Then they get to use them legally Vittorio dude, I'm telling you,
everyone in the MMA community would talk about T R T V. Tour T R T V.
Tour was a guy who was in his thirties. He'd been fighting a long time.
But all of a sudden he was moving like a demon again and just smashing people.
Right? You ever see him fight? No. Do me a favor,
pull up detour Belfort versus Luke Rockhold.
Cause that was one of the perfect examples. And they're fighting.
I don't know if it was in Brazil or what,
but V2 war had muscles on his teeth and he's weighing in for that fight.
It was crazy. And he just Blitzkrieg.
And it was legal.
Right. What he was doing was legal. It was, it was.
And then it took a while for everybody went, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey.
What's.
Going on? This is not, we can't do this.
And so then the UFC went the whole other way and they brought in USADA and U
S anti-doping agency narrow handles everything and they randomly test fighters
in the middle of the night and people get pops and stuff all the time.
Oh really? Yeah. They're really strict, man.
Do you think they just got popped for marijuana? He was,
they have a pretty liberal range.
It's a pretty generous range that you can have. So watch this. First of all,
look at Victoria. He's the one in the red. Yeah.
She just shredded and watched this wheel kick, check this out. Set it up.
Bang. Oh Dude, dude,
V tour.
When he was on the TRT was one of the scariest guys that have ever lived up.
Into his trap. Look at him. Oh my God.
Dudes avoided the out of him. God.
Too.
It's like a pit bull. Oh my goodness. He looked like a demon.
He looked like a Neiman back then. There's a few of his fights from that area.
From that era rather that were just absolutely terrifying.
I think that you should,
that it should be that strict against these drugs in the fighting. It should.
Yes.
Because it's complicated. Yeah. It's not, it's not, um, for your health.
I take testosterone placement, I think for your health. It's a good move.
When you get older, it makes your body work better. But for fighting,
there's a weird gray area. Like when, when should it be legal?
You're going to let people take it after they're 45. Right?
My point is if they don't test Tyson and Holyfield
and all these guys for testosterone replacement and growth,
we might see some crazy.
We might see some grain bites. He's.
A perfect, funny paper. I do not know. Maybe he's on, not on anything.
And maybe he's just a special athlete. Lord knows.
Herschel Walker was Herschel.
Walker was a guy who fought in Strikeforce after he played in the
NFL and was really successful. It was terrifying. Like people were avoiding him.
People that were like lifelong martial artists, like that guy,
because he was a super athlete.
And obviously Mike Tyson was a super athlete when you chunk no one when they're
20, usually move like that.
And here he is 53 moving like a world champ throwing bombs.
Again. It's only on the pads. We don't know what happens if you've spars. Right.
But, but still.
You have to like the praying mantis. If he makes the first move,
he's going to rip your head off.
Have to look at that and go live. Look like let's not get crazy. He's going.
I know how scary he is.
That's what makes us think of Mike Tyson when he was in his prime.
Oh, and he'd come out. No socks. Oh my God. Just those leathers.
My favorite ever was the Marvis Frazier fight.
Cause it was really like an execution. It was Marvis.
Frazier also was like a really good fighter. And was Joe Frazier son.
And you knew what was going to happen? Tyson was 20 seconds.
He was a different thing. Yeah.
He just came different.
Thing.
He'd never seen a boxer like him before where it was just like every fight was
an execution.
Brutal brute, no frills, no nothing.
No.
No socks, no socks, no robe.
Most of the time they'll come into the rain.
Sometimes he had a towel around his neck. Sometimes it didn't even have that.
He wasn't going to be.
There long now, man. He was.
And you would see the look in the guy's eyes when he was see him across the
ring. Like, oh my God, what the did I sign up for? Okay.
Oh exciting. When you were with him, when he was here,
do you feel like this is still a menacing physical guy?
Or did you feel like.
Well he's real nice. Real nice guy, but he's, he's still.
She has, they still have that, you know, guys that were tough in their youth.
You still feel that thing.
Yeah, but he's terrifying. Yeah. Yeah. Who was that? A pass?
What was the UFC fighter? That was saying like,
it's like hanging out with a low. Oh, was it Kevin Lee?
I think it was Kevin Lee. Yeah. It was Kevin.
That sounds like something Kevin would say, because like he goes, it's like,
you're next to a lion. Cause he's like, oh yeah.
That's Mike Tyson. Like that way. I describe it.
It's the perfect way to describe being around him.
You just want him to like you, you want,
you want to be nice to him and you all cool. Be cool. Can't believe he's here.
You know, he's here.
It's like a miracle figured sitting next to you.
Did he ask me about fighting? Like what about, what did I ever do?
And I've never felt more like a fraud in my life.
The stupid that I've died to a little TaeKwonDo tournaments and had a couple of
Kickbox fights. Like felt like such a big feel it. Yeah.
It's the worst. He's a, like a cultural icon.
If you stop and think about it, like from our generation now to be around him,
it's like, what are your real thing? You're.
Right here. It's like being with Thor or Zeus.